Add function wrapper simple array (#7)
thecodingmachine/fluid-hydrator: README.md

```php
$hydrator->field('foo')->int();
```

> Use method `field` to declare an array field. This allow you to use array as a field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare an unstructured array field (typically some decoded JSON), use the `simpleArray` function.
```
